# Revenue Analytics TA Savings

##About
The is a web application designed for hotel properties that utilize property management systems (PMS) and integrate with booking agents such as Booking.com, Agoda.com, and others. The application leverages APIs to retrieve data from both property providers and booking agents, enabling detailed analysis and comparison using various business formulas. The primary goal is to provide hotels with comprehensive insights into their reservations, budgets, incoming bookings, room occupancy rates, and future forecasts. The application features a customizable dashboard tailored to user preferences.

## Dependencies:
- Node.js
- Cypress

## End-to-End Testing with Cypress:
End-to-end (E2E) testing was performed on this project using Cypress, an open-source testing framework for web applications. Cypress provides a fast, reliable, and easy-to-use testing environment for automating tests across different browsers. In this project, Cypress was utilized to automate various test scenarios to ensure the functionality and reliability of the Revenue-Analytics-TA-Savings application.

## Testing Approach:

1. `Test Environment Setup:` Cypress was configured to interact with the application under test by setting up intercepts for API calls, handling authentication, and ensuring proper navigation within the application.
   
2. `Test Case Execution:` Test cases were designed to cover different aspects of the application, including user authentication, data fetching from APIs, comparison of data, uploading files, and analyzing results.
3. `Assertions and Verifications:` Cypress assertions were used to verify expected outcomes and ensure that the application behaves as intended. Verifications were performed on API responses, UI elements, data comparisons, and result analysis.
4. `Handling Asynchronous Operations:` Cypress commands like cy.wait() were used to handle asynchronous operations such as API calls and UI interactions to ensure synchronized test execution.
5. `Reporting and Analysis:` Test results were captured using Cypress Test Runner and were analyzed to identify any failures or issues. Detailed logs and screenshots were generated to aid in debugging and troubleshooting.

## How to Run

1. **Clone the Repository:**
    ```
    git clone https://github.com/KinzaGhaffar/Revenue-Analytics-TA-Savings.git
    ```

2. **Install Node.js:**
    If Node.js is not already installed on your system, download and install it from the official Node.js website.

3. **Navigate to Project Directory:**
    ```
    cd Revenue-Analytics-TA-Savings
    ```

4. **Install Project Dependencies:**
    ```
    npm install
    ```

5. **Install Cypress Globally:**
    ```
    npm install -g cypress
    ```

6. **Start the Application:**
    ```
    npm start
    ```
    This command will start the application and make it accessible through a local server.

7. **Open Cypress Test Runner:**
    ```
    cypress open
    ```
    This command will open the Cypress Test Runner, allowing you to select and run test suites interactively.

8. **Select Test Suite:**
    - In the Cypress Test Runner, navigate to the `integration` folder.
    - Choose the desired test suite (e.g., `OTASavingsSPH.spec.js`).
    - Click on the test file to run the tests contained within it.

9. **View Test Results:**
    - As the tests run, you will see the test commands being executed and the results displayed in the Cypress Test Runner interface.
    - Any failures or issues encountered during the test execution will be highlighted, along with detailed error messages and stack traces.

10. **Analyzing Test Results:**
    - After the test execution is complete, you can analyze the test results, logs, and screenshots generated by Cypress to identify any failures or unexpected behavior.
    - Use the information provided by Cypress to debug and troubleshoot any issues encountered during the test run.

## Contributions:
Contributions to the Revenue-Analytics-TA-Savings project are welcome. To contribute, please fork the repository, make your changes, and submit a pull request. Ensure that your code follows the project's coding standards and conventions.

